
Link to the finished codepen: https://codepen.io/FelipeVald/pen/dyRMyjN?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives HTML a meaning for the browser and developers
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Building webpages, like a skeleton
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute provide more info on HTML properties, example <a href="link"> href is the attribute. gives meaning to the <a> tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? 
    How many times should I use it on a page? h1 tag is used for the heading of the page, like a headline, h1 should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: 
    Style; Img; Link
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html><head>
    7. What is an id?
     It is used to specify a name for an HTML element. example <h1 id="title">
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once. Each id must be unique.
    10. What is a class? 
    like an id, used to give html element a name. classes can be shared, can belong to more than one class
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  
    like the id, it can be added to all HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no technical limit, can be used infinitely
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
    target="_blank" to the anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    IT gives it purpose, helps SEO, helps screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id? 
    <a href ="#ID">  With the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div,
      Section the content inside is grouped, div is for bigger sections
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Used to style webpages
    18. How to we select an element? 
    Example - every h2 on the page 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
    id is used for one html element and class is used for more
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    write a period (.) character followed by the name of the class 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 
    p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent > child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to add style to selectors, such as hover to add functionality 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
    line-height:1.5; example
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:1px; example
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase, lowercase and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px black dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {} asterisk
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    write inside /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd print working directory 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it allows you to keep track of changes made to your code over time 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    every 20 minutes, otherwise very often 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. git add, git commit -m "Comment", git push


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
